Initial fast spacing proposal (#190)
space-wizards/docs: src/en/proposals/notafet-atmos.md

- ~~**Make heaters and freezers thermodynamically sound.** Keeping a station properly heated or cooled is actually a substantial real-life problem. Because of the existence of generators like the TEG, keeping things thermodynamically balanced is also a great way to prevent infinite power hacks.~~ (implemented as a part of [atmos speedup](https://github.com/space-wizards/space-station-14/pull/22372))

### Fast(er) Spacing

> **Spacing should be fast(er).** For purposes of this design doc, "fast(er) spacing" means `0.05 < atmos.mmos_spacing_speed < 1.0`.

Reviewer: this is part of a larger doc, word this better

- Mitigations for mass spacing like hardsuit puncturing (see below)

#### Arguments For (Pros)

- **Makes more intuitive sense.** Recent events has taught us that a door plug blowout even in Earth's atmosphere is quite serious. In space spacing should be fast because that's what makes more intuitive sense. It ruins your immersion if somebody can just casually waltz into space and surive just fine for two minutes.

- **Is better for [Intuitive and Inter-Connected Simulation](https://docs.spacestation14.com/en/space-station-14/core-design.html#intuitive-and-inter-connected-simulation).** Spacing should have serious consequences that that create engaging gameplay/decisions while still being intuitive enough to learn and create new emergent gameplay opportunities, e.g. "I can't go through this hallway because it's spaced, so I have to think of a way to survive by taking a detour through these maints." Spacing should be treated as a serious problem.

- **Is [more fun](https://docs.spacestation14.com/en/space-station-14/core-design.html#seriously-silly).** You should be able to be ejected out of the station at high speed due to the atmos canon effect.

> - **Is better for [agency](https://docs.spacestation14.com/en/space-station-14/core-design.html#player-interactionagency).** Antagonists will have better ways to control how players deal with problems by creating opportunities for spacing. Engineers will have more agency to actually fix problems because the result of their actions (or inaction standing around not fixing anything) will have real consequences for the station. Problems with mass spacing can be mitigated by strategies such as making hardsuits lose pressure protection if they take damage. For example, this would motivate nukies to not space because their own hardsuits would be ineffective after taking damage, while still enabling engineers who stay out of the combat zone to be able to effectively fix problems.

Reviewer: Reword the mass spacing issue to not give a single solution right now, that can be discussed later, something like this:
```suggestion
- **Is better for [agency](https://docs.spacestation14.com/en/space-station-14/core-design.html#player-interactionagency).** Antagonists will have better ways to control how players deal with problems by creating opportunities for spacing. Engineers will have more agency to actually fix problems because the result of their actions (or inaction standing around not fixing anything) will have real consequences for the station. Though mass spacing will need to be discouraged to ensure a better experience. For example, this would motivate nukies to not space because their own hardsuits would be ineffective after taking damage, while still enabling engineers who stay out of the combat zone to be able to effectively fix problems.
```
